---
title: 'Midoffice API Toolkit'
---

Immediately after booking the order, a request for payment registration is sent ([payment.register](/nemo-backoffice-api/midoffice_api_toolkit/payment_register)), in the answer come the names of the formed documents for the order. After [receiving the list of documents](/nemo-backoffice-api/midoffice_api_toolkit/import_documentslist), the order page displays links to viewing received documents ([import.document](/nemo-backoffice-api/midoffice_api_toolkit/import_document)). When trying to complete the order, a request to block money on the bank account ([payment.begin](/nemo-backoffice-api/midoffice_api_toolkit/payment_begin))is sent on the last current transaction. If the request to block money in the subagent's bank account is successful, Nemo.travel launches order, upon completion of the order, a request to debit money from a bank account is sent ([payment.complete](/nemo-backoffice-api/midoffice_api_toolkit/payment_complete)), if this is required by answering the lock request ([payment.begin](/nemo-backoffice-api/midoffice_api_toolkit/payment_begin)).

In the event that a subagent transfers money on a generated invoice for payment, then on the order page, it is necessary to mark the invoice as "sent for payment". This mark allows you to determine the amount of money actually paid within the order. In the event that the cost of an order is increased, the invoice for payment of which has already been paid, then a new invoice ([payment.register](/nemo-backoffice-api/midoffice_api_toolkit/payment_register)) is issued for an amount equal to the difference between the total order value and the amount of the order already sent for payment.

In the personal cabinet of Nemo.travel there is a page that displays a table containing a list of documents at a certain point in time ([import.documentsList](/nemo-backoffice-api/backoffice_payment_api/import_documentslist)). Each invoice displays a link to view, download, and a sign that the invoice was sent by the subagency for payment with the possibility of change. In addition to the table with data on documents, information on additional payment information ([paymentExtraInfo](/nemo-backoffice-api/backoffice_payment_api/import_paymentbalance)) is displayed with the possibility of forming an invoice for an amount equal to the fine.


When receiving a request for this API, before processing, the "sign" parameter must be checked for the correctness of the value for the sender's authentication. The algorithm for evaluating the "sign" value is determined by integration.